# R code files

0. Parameters : Set the parameters (population, time period, diets implementation, time to full effect, RR, costs of a life year) and graphical guidelines to be used in the following code files

0. Diets_description : Graphical representations of the distribution of constitutive diets (observed in the NutriNet cohort and optimized) in the different scenarios and of the food intakes in each constitutive diet and each scenario.

1. Population: Formatting INSEE population data so that the population and mortality data files have the same variables and age categories.

2. Mortality rates : Calculation of projected mortality rates by age and year, based on INSEE data

3. RR_distributions : Reproduction of dose-response curves for each food item based on tables of RR values from meta-analyses. Simulation of multiple curves to reproduce the confidence intervals of the dose-response curves.

4. Diets_evolution : Calculation of intakes accross time considering a given dynamics. Calculation of the variation of these intakes compared to a baseline scenario

5. RR_evolution : Calculation of the RR associated with each food group intake and diets accross time, considering the time to full effect duration and dynamics

6. Mortality_rates_adjustment : Adjustment of the mortality rates with the ratio of diets RR of a given scenario vs the baseline

7. Prevented_deaths : Takes in input the data generated by the python code to calculate the total deaths and total prevented deaths by year.

8. LE_YLL_gains : Calculation the the conditional life expectancy and the number of life years gained in the population by year

9. Costs_saved : Calculation of the costs saved in a given scenario compared to the baseline with the intangible costs associated with a life year accross time

10. FG_constributions : Calculation of the contribution to the HIA results of the variation of intake of each food groups in a given scenario compared to the baseline

11. Sensitivity_Analysis : Graphical representation of the HIA results on avoided deaths in 2040, 2050, and 2060 under different assumptions regarding model parameters (diet implementation, reduction of RR values, time to full effect)

